(slow somber music)
- [Man] Welcome to
Dominion Industries.
(computer beeps and whirs)
(slow somber music)
At the beginning of
the 21st century,
Dominion Industries
became the leading
commercial corporation in
the United States sector.
Its political and financial
influence is felt worldwide.
Dominion Industries
owns and operates
all major departments
and agencies,
which include
Department of Education,
Department of Energy,
Department of Health
and Human Services,
Department of Defense,
Department of Homeland Security,
and Department of Justice.
Unknown to the public, its
major profits are generated
by viral experimentations,
military technology,
and genetic weaponry.
Now accessing file
A-G-E-1-3-0-5.
(beeping and whirring)
- [Laurie] My name
is Laurie Harvey.
I am the daughter
of Dominion Harvey,
the man who runs
the United States,
and the creator of
Dominion Industries.
This entry is to be
archived into DI network
under file number A-G-E-1-3-0-6.
Many years ago a different
war had begun, the human wars.
This was the
beginning of the end.
This war was fed by anger,
fear, and vengeance.
This led to genocide,
50% of the human race
had been wiped out.
All that remained
were 10 countries.
Each with new leaders.
My father became the United
States sector leader.
Soon after, a new threat
surfaced, deviants,
beings with special abilities.
With the fear of losing their
newly assembled government,
and other mass casualties,
a coalition was formed
between all sectors.
The United States then launched
the war against deviants.
Soon after, Dominion
Industries took over,
establishing itself
in each sector.
With DI being the biggest
entertainment corporation
in the world, Dominion
initiated a program
in which all deviants
captured in each sector
would be put to the test, a
test of strength and survival.
This was called
the civil battles,
the first stage and the
greatest televised entertainment
known to man.
In this stage, the weak will die
and the strong
will move forward.
Each sector will
collect their fighters
and hold a mini battle
to determine who
will be their victor
and who will be submitted
into the game of champions.
The immortal wars, an annual
event that is held in the U.S.
The one time all sector leaders
would have a friendly game
amongst each other,
facing bets of resources,
funds, and trades.
The immortal wars ran
successfully for 13 ages.
The world seemed to be
back to its new normal.
That was, until a new
threat came to life.
A threat that was
on the run for years
before we caught up to it.
Its name was Trikalypse.
(man grunting)
Being the victor that
represented the U.S. sector
during the 13th age
of the immortal wars,
Trikalypse fought
her way to the top,
with a little help from DI.
But the viewers were
caught off guard
by the victor from India.
It seemed like Trikalypse had
finally met her match, Dekay.
Dekay was a contribution
from one sector to another,
a gift from my father to India,
a way to keep up
numbers, viewers.
Things looked to be
going as planned,
till DI was attacked
by the militia,
(static buzzing)
(tense somber music)
a group of deviants and humans
that had gone
against the system.
This group would
go to far extremes
to stop us from making
this world a better place.
We were unaware that
even some of our own
were behind the attack.
They assassinated all sector
leaders, except my father.
This group helped Trikalypse
and other deviants escape.
This was an attack
against humanity.
We assembled a team and
launched a worldwide search
for this group to
bring them to justice.
In defense, Dominion Industries,
dived into years of
research and preparation
for the infinity program,
a weapon which was developed
by Dominion and DI scientists,
in the event that the
world was under a threat.
The time is now. The war
against deviants had just begun.
(water gurgling)
(slow tense music)
(slow ominous music)
(tense ambient music)
(water gurgling)
(digital beeping)
- Vitals?
- Vitals are stable.
(machine whirs and buzzes)
I think we're ready to go in.
(foreboding music)
(woman gasps)
(woman breathing heavily)
(wind whipping)
- [Woman On TV] Are
you tired of hoping
that the right candidates
see your job post and apply?
It's like trying to find
a needle in a haystack.
That's why you should try
Zip Recruiter for free
at ziprecruiter.com/free.
Instead of waiting for great
candidates to find you,
Zip Recruiter finds
qualified candidates for you.
(TV chatter quietly
in background)
(deep tense music)
(air swishing)
- Hey. How many times have I
had to tell you not to do that?
Just play like
normal kids. Okay?
God.
(TV chatters quietly
in background)
(rain splatters)
(rain pattering)
Hey. It's okay.
Why don't you try and lay down.
I'm sorry, sweetie.
For getting so mad at you.
Try to get some sleep, okay?
(thunder rumbles gently)
(rain pattering)
(wind whipping)
Hello?
Hey. But it is, right?
Yeah, I think it's
getting worse.
(laughs) Okay. He's
already in bed.
Yeah, I just tucked in
the little one, she's...
Yeah it's, it's been tough.
(tense somber music)
We just, we're trying
to help her, I...
It wasn't supposed
to be like this.
We just want her to have
a somewhat normal life,
and I, I honestly, I don't
know what else to do.
I try. I really try.
She's outta control.
I, I caught her again today.
The doll was lifting
off the ground.
I know, I know, but it's
starting to cause trouble
for me and Tommy.
We have an appointment
at the center this week.
Hopefully they can help her.
(Olive crying)
It is getting worse.
Yeah. Okay.
I'll call you
tomorrow. Love you.
(gentles somber music)
(mother sighs)
(gentle somber music)
(tense scary music)
(light sizzling)
(eerie haunting music)
(figure breathes heavily)
(indistinct ghostly
voices whispering)
(intense music)
(eerie music)
(woman screaming)
(Olive screams)
(eerie music)
- [Digital Male Voice]
Emotional levels increasing.
- Vitals?
- 7% increase, nothing
to be worried about.
- Let's try this again.
- [Digital Male Voice]
Initiating prevalence scan.
(deep tense buzzing)
(heavy swishing)
(Olive breathing heavily)
(gentle melancholic music)
(letters buzzing)
(deep tense music)
- Oh, hi there.
It's okay, we're
not gonna hurt you.
What do you got there?
What do you got in the bag?
(intense music)
(Olive grunting)
- She's one of 'em.
We can make a lot
of money off of her.
(foot thuds)
(Olive grunting)
(intense music)
(Olive breathing heavily)
- (crying) I'm sorry.
(Olive crying)
Sorry.
(slow somber music)
- As you can see,
there has been a dramatic
change in the weather,
partially in response
to maybe the increase
of these so-called super humans.
I'm being told we now
have the footage ready
from a viewer that
was just sent in.
Let's take a look.
(static buzzing)
(child groaning)
(wind howling)
(papers fluttering)
(child groaning)
(heavy swishing)
(rain splatters)
(bag crinkling)
(water dribbling)
(thunder rumbles gently)
(rain splatters)
(gentle somber music)
(rain increases in intensity)
(deep haunting music)
(static buzzes)
- [Man] What the hell was that?
- [Digital Male
Voice] System error.
System error.
(static buzzing)
- [Laurie] How's
everything looking?
- It's mine. It
continues to glitch.
This last time, it looked
like it jumped to the future.
A system error occurred.
A reboot is in progress.
- Lower the T count,
raise the oxygen levels.
- [Digital Male Voice]
Rebooting. Rebooting.
- Hm, looks like we hit a nerve.
Prep another scan
after the reboot.
Then we'll go back in.
(deep tense music)
(computer beeping)
- Here we go again.
Initiating memory scan.
(machine whirs and buzzes)
- [Digital Male Voice]
Initiating memory scan.
(static buzzing)
(tense music)
- [Man On Wall] Thought
you got away, huh?
(fist thuds)
(letters buzzing)
(Olive breathing heavily)
(deep mysterious music)
(man speaking foreign language)
- Boss, this was not my doing.
Some punks just brought her in.
- It's true.
(slow tense music)
(metal clangs)
(Olive panting)
(man speaking foreign language)
- [Man] You ever see a rare one?
(deep tense music)
(Olive breathing heavily)
(man sighs)
(tense somber music)
(steady tonal beeping)
(deep ominous music)
- I'm scared.
- It's okay, don't
worry about it.
(deep ominous music)
- [Man] Alpha, hurry.
This way, come here, Alpha.
You, you. Come on,
come on, come on.
Down here.
- Mom. Mom, mom.
- She's going in.
Let her go.
- Mom, mom.
- That way. Come on, this way.
(tense music)
(door thuds shut)
- Interesting bunch.
- They're underwhelming.
(deep tense music)
- Ma'am?
- What is it?
- We just received
shipment from Mexico.
It's a female,
about 10 years old.
- They're getting
younger and younger.
Prep her. Do some
preliminary tests.
I'll be down there
in a few minutes.
(deep tense music)
(screen beeping and buzzing)
Okay. Let's begin.
(faint buzzing)
(door bangs)
(water dribbling)
(quick swishing)
(tense suspenseful music)
(hand squishes)
(tense music)
(girl breathing heavily)
(dramatic bang)
(creature panting)
(foreboding music)
(creature grumbling)
(tense suspenseful music)
(creature growls)
(girl breathing heavily)
(faint haunting music)
(ghostly groaning)
(man speaks indistinctly)
(tense scary music)
(girl screams)
- Back to the drawing board.
(screen beeping)
(soft hissing)
(bed rails clattering)
(woman groaning)
(rapid digital beeping)
(woman breathing heavily)
- Please, why are
you doing this?
You, you won't get
away with this.
The government will find out
what you're doing down here.
(woman shudders)
- We are the government.
(daunting music)
(bed rails clattering)
- Where's my sister?
Hey.
(breath roars)
- Sorry to disappoint you.
That's not going to work.
Let's move on to stage two.
(bed rails clattering)
(deep scary music)
- Please help me. Don't do this.
- Listen, you're here now,
and there's nothing
you can do about it.
There's no need to
continue to talk.
All we ask is for
you to cooperate.
Everything's going
to be just fine.
(tense eerie music)
(deep ominous music)
(light hissing)
(bed rails clattering)
(tense music)
- What's that?
Please, please stop.
(quick whirring)
No. (groaning)
What did you do to me?
What was that?
(boy groans)
(boy yelling)
(deep ominous music)
(rapid swishing)
(machine thuds rhythmically)
(gentle sizzling)
(body sizzling)
- Wait, what did they do to you?
(boy grunts)
- They poisoned me.
(gentle hissing)
- Why are they doing this?
- Want, want everything gone.
The pain was gone.
I could see it in the sky.
I felt
free.
- We're gonna get out of
here, I, I promise you.
Okay? Just don't,
don't, don't, don't.
(gentle sorrowful music)
(static buzzing)
(water gurgling)
- Begin.
Only way I'm gonna
pass this stage
is if she loses her powers.
Begin.
- I will not.
- Now.
- No!
(tense whirring)
- Send her down.
(water trickling)
(dramatic boom)
(letters buzzing)
(tense somber music)
You both were expected to
do one thing, cooperate.
Such a disappointment.
We try to help your
condition, but--
- Condition? We're not sick.
Let us go.
- You just can't keep that
mouth of yours quiet, can you?
That mouth of yours is
what brought you in here
in the first place.
But soon, you'll
be quiet forever.
(sighs) You both have
potentially something great.
But instead, you
went against us.
- No, no, no. Please,
please don't do this please.
- For that--
- No.
- You failed.
- Please, no. Please
don't do this.
- No, don't. Please, stop.
(alarm beeps steadily)
(digital beeping and buzzing)
(slow foreboding music)
(creature panting)
(creature growling)
(tense scary music)
No, no.
No!
(creature growls)
(creature grumbling)
(tense scary music)
(creatures roar)
(tense music)
(creature growls)
(slow tense music)
(creatures growling)
(woman screams)
(digital beeping)
- Hi.
(soft hissing)
I'm Olive.
What's your name?
- My name's Hannah.
- Hannah. I like it.
What are they gonna do to us?
- They killed them.
- What?
Who?
- The bad man.
He took me from my parents.
And, he killed them.
- How long have you been here?
Hannah, please. I need
to get out of here.
- You can't. He won't let you.
- I will get out of here.
I will.
(haunting music)
- [Man] Downstairs!
(loud banging)
- That, that, that's what?
- Get up.
Get upstairs!
Faster.
- [Woman] In order
to take the field
they have to have
rest and water.
(static buzzing)
- [Digital Male Voice]
System error. System error.
- I'm confused.
Why are we seeing so
many memories of others?
- This subject is a telepath.
She has the ability
to pick up memories
from anyone that she
has contact with.
- How could she store
all that in her mind?
Is that why we're dealing
with so many errors?
- Possibly. Set up another scan.
- Yes, sir.
- Ms. Harvey, she's
not gonna like this.
(digital beeping)
- [Digital Male Voice] Now
accessing file A-G-E-1-3-0-7.
(digital beeping and buzzing)
- [Laurie] Throughout the years,
DI focused on one
thing, defense.
One of the biggest profits
for Dominion Industries
is genetic testing.
Scientists from
all over the globe,
worked on creating
cures for diseases
and vaccines for viruses.
With many success cases,
scientists moved forward for
more serious experiments.
The extraction of DNA from
insects, animals, and deviants,
creating genetically
enhanced humans,
individuals with advanced
levels of strength, energy,
agility, and healing.
These gene humans
are property of DI.
They are soldiers, weapons,
and defense against any threat,
but with every success there
was double the failures.
These failed subjects
would be disposed by DI
and thrown into
quarantine zones.
- [Man] Entering
A-G-E-1-3-0-7, archived.
(tense suspenseful music)
(digital beeping and whirring)
(haunting whispers)
(man gasps)
- Muses.
New me.
(door squeaks open)
(deep threatening music)
(static popping)
- [Man] I feel it's that time.
- [Man] Don't let him do it.
(blade clinks)
(deep tense music)
- Drop the knife.
(blade scraps)
Or I'll introduce
you to my sword.
(deep tense music)
(violent swipe)
(liquid splatters)
- No. Come on, please, please.
(haunting whispers)
(man thuds)
- [Man] What sorcerer is this?
- [Woman] My hero has arrived.
- [Man] Who are you?
- I'm a muse from the
realm pandemonium.
- I never heard of
the realm, nor of you.
Why this? Why the ruse?
- Well, there's
a powerful being,
and he wants to
destroy the world.
I know that you love
to protect the weak,
so I fabricated this
whole kidnapping
so I could witness
your potential.
(digital whirring and beeping)
(tense music)
(man grunting)
- Initiate memory scan.
- [Digital Male Voice]
Initiating memory scan.
(tense pulsating music)
(digital beeping and whirring)
(man grunts)
- There, can you see it?
That's my home.
It's beautiful, isn't it?
I would've taken you with
me, but unfortunately,
all I really need is that tool.
(muse laughs)
(deep foreboding music)
Well, now that I
have you two here.
- What's happening?
- Patience, Ling,
all will be revealed.
Heroes of old, men of renown.
(eerie music)
Behold the nothing.
(fingers snap)
(liquid dribbling)
(dramatic music)
(heavy swishing)
(letters beeping)
- [Digital Male Voice]
System interrupted.
Signal incoming. Central
compound initiating.
Now connecting.
- [Laurie] Updates?
- Across our facility,
subject supply is at 80%.
Failed subjects are at 43%.
Gene success numbers are rising.
- How are we looking with
subjects one through six.
- [Man] All subjects
have been collected
and are in transport.
- The major informed me that
one of them didn't make it.
- Yes, I'm aware.
- It better not have been her.
These past few days have
been extremely upsetting.
With the threat on our hands,
I don't see much of an
improvement in house.
- Well, a few more subjects
were captured late last night.
(subjects growling and hissing)
It's something I've
never seen before.
It's as if its abilities are
exposing itself on live tissue.
- This isn't rare. We've seen
this before with Project M.
- They'll be placed in trainings
as soon as they arrive.
- What's the status
of patient zero?
- We're seeing some progress.
(digital whirring)
- Away.
(pencil clatters)
- We've seen an incredible
increase in energy.
Patient zero will be our first
success in the gene project.
- Second success.
- Um, we also have
a bit of bad news.
We breached the north compound.
- And?
- Seems like Fresno has
joined their forces,
along with an old
acquaintance, Lauren Hughes.
Seems these gene humans
aren't the failures
that we thought they were.
- What else are
you not telling me?
- (sighs) Lieutenant
Adam and his team
were terminated
during the breach.
- Infinity will
take care of that.
(deep suspenseful music)
- Now unfortunately,
due to today's events,
our lesson will be cut short.
This room we're about to
enter, is highly secure.
Within this room
are three specimens
for three separate subjects,
two of which are
considered to be age-old.
Now, does anyone
know what that means?
- That they are
ancient deviants?
- Yes, that is correct.
(door buzzes)
Now I do ask that no
one touches anything.
Let's gather over here.
Now this specimen...
Ms. Harvey.
- Please, continue.
Although what you
see is an object,
within this mask lies the
DNA of a deviant called Rain.
This deviant fought throughout
the civil wars in Mexico.
He was soon discovered as a spy
sent from sector
leader Luis Soto.
(digital whirring and beeping)
(deep somber music)
- Let me express my condolences.
Losing a wife and son.
No one should have to go through
what you've gone through.
You know who's responsible,
which brings us to the
reason of why you're hear.
The enemy of my enemy.
What if I told you I can
get you what you want?
Interested, I see.
Fight for us.
I'll make sure you get
through the civil battles,
you represent Mexico in
this age's immortal wars.
I will make sure you
get your revenge.
Do with Harvey what you
want, and we both win.
Do we have a deal?
(knuckles crack)
- Yes.
(Luis chuckles)
- Good.
Very good.
(deep ominous music)
Let's see how you
do against them two.
(tense pulsating music)
(intense music)
(eerie buzzing)
(neck cracking)
I'm impressed.
Seems you didn't need
my help after all.
You're ready for the wars.
- I've been ready.
- Oh.
What should we call you?
- Rain.
- Rain it is.
(static buzzing)
- What happened to him?
- The subject escaped,
and fled to a remote area
where executives ordered
an immediate extermination,
which was executed.
Oh, it's our normal
damage control process.
Now this specimen is
completely different.
This feather was taken
directly from the body
of our subject many ages ago.
The subject's name was Hyacinth.
This deviant was a direct
threat to our entire world.
Dominion Industries moved in
and eliminated the threat.
(digital beeping)
(deep gurgling)
Now our last specimen
is our latest study.
- [Man] Is that?
- Oh yes, The
complete power source
of our age's VQ blackout.
This marks our first
successful attempt at draining
the complete power
source of a subject
and replenishing it with
genetically modified power.
(digital beeping and buzzing)
(slow foreboding music)
(bed rails clanking)
(tense pulsating music)
- What the hell are you doing?
- Yeah, this is a good one.
- Who?
Who?
What is going on? This
isn't part of the game.
- But you are the game.
Let's do a retinal
scan and flash therapy.
- [Man] What power
would you like?
- Well, we were expecting
more than gouging
an opponent's eye out, but,
let's set him at a nine.
He can't be as
strong as her but,
we can match to him.
(bed rails clanking)
- I won! This isn't
part of the game!
- Don't worry. We're just
gonna fix you up a bit.
We'll have you out
there in no time.
- Entering homeostasis now.
(digital whirring and beeping)
- Hey.
- [Woman] Sweet dreams.
(dramatic swishing)
(deep soft rumbling)
- Come here. (echoing)
- What're you doing here?
- We came back
for you. (echoing)
- Who? (echoing)
Well that's nice. (echoing)
- I told you that I
would never leave you.
That I would be there
for you till the end.
And then you left. (echoing)
Six years, and just like that,
they called and you left.
- I did it so we could be free.
I did it for us.
- You left me.
You left us.
(slow somber music)
- April (echoing),
I'm sorry.
- This is the result
of your doing.
(tense suspenseful music)
- What are you doing?
Get your hands off
her. Stop it. (echoing)
(hard thudding)
No.
(tense suspenseful music)
(man screaming)
(deep intense music)
(rapid pulsating)
- Here we go.
- He seems different.
They did something to him.
Pump him.
(women grunting)
(metal scraping)
(man grunting)
- (breathing heavily)
Control the urge.
You can fight this. (echoing)
(tense rapid music)
- Just kill me.
- I'm sorry.
(woman grunts)
(metal scrapes)
(heavy swishing)
(deep haunting music)
(digital beeping)
- What is it?
- [Man] Subject
five has escaped.
- I'll be right there.
- Oh, well let me show
you to level seven,
where I'd like to tell you
about our inclusive program.
(door buzzes)
(soft haunting music)
(tense buzzing)
(digital beeping)
- A full monitor scan
was unsuccessful.
(soft haunting music)
(digital beeping)
- No, it, it was successful.
She found a way to keep us out.
(digital beeping)
She's reacted to us.
She's ready.
Initiate replenishment.
- [Digital Male
Voice] Initiating.
Initiating.
Initiating memory scan.
(haunting swishing)
- [Laurie] Where
is this one from?
- [Digital Male Voice]
Origin, El Paso, Texas.
Captured by
authorities in Mexico.
Priority shipment of Luis Soto.
- Figures.
(deep haunting music)
This one's awake.
Let's see.
Huh.
This one's different.
(deep haunting music)
These numbers are incredible.
Hey, look at me.
Can you tell me
what your name is?
- My, my name is Olive.
- Olive.
You have no idea how
important you are to us.
Now that we know what you are.
- Please.
- Sh, sh, sh.
- It's okay. We're going to
take really good care of you.
I wanna run a
24-hour observation.
Full set of blood work,
as well as electrolyte
and chemical analysis
by the end of the day.
(Olive grunts and strains)
(alarm blares steadily)
(deep foreboding music)
(soft tense music)
(electricity crackling)
(deep pulsating music)
(machine buzzing and whirring)
(alarm blaring steadily)
(tense adventurous music)
- [Man Over PA] All crew,
please proceed to the east gate
for evacuation.
- Come on.
- [Man Over PA]
This is not a drill.
(tense adventurous music)
- They've entered
the testing grounds.
(tense adventurous music)
(digital buzzing)
(woman cries out)
(tense adventurous music)
(Olive breathing heavily)
- Wait, she's over
here. Got her.
(tense adventurous music)
Stop. You can't go anywhere.
It's over.
(fire swishes)
(Olive grunts)
(tense rapid music)
- Stop. Help me, help me!
(child whimpers)
(tense rapid music)
(door clicks open)
(music increases in intensity)
(digital buzzing)
(tense rapid music)
(static buzzes)
- Why are you following me?
- I, I just wanted to thank you.
- [Sammy] For what?
- For rescuing us.
- I ain't rescue you.
- You know they're gonna
come looking for us.
My name's Olive.
- Look, Olive, I pushed a button
and unlocked the building,
that's it.
- Why'd you push the button?
- Look.
(dramatic swishing)
- I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
- I've never seen
anything like it.
What you just did,
that was cool.
- It's more like a curse. I've
lost everyone because of it.
- I know what you mean.
- I think we should
stick together. We
have a lot in common.
- Fine.
But no getting in my way,
and stop with the
whole sweet girl thing.
The world's different now.
We're the enemies.
Come on.
- A breakthrough at Dominion
Industries has led to expansion
in other sectors.
CEO Dominion Harvey is
set to travel to Mexico
later this age to break ground
on new Dominion
Industry facilities.
(deep tense music)
- [Man Over Radio] Enemy down.
(digital whirring)
- [Digital Male Voice] Stop,
you won't get that far.
Don't even stand a chance.
Let's take him in.
- How long did they
have you there?
- Not sure. About two years.
- What did they do to you?
- You know, that Dominion
Harvey guy and his staff
claims to be there for us,
to help us find a
better way of living?
That's bullshit.
They dedicate themselves to
doing the exact opposite.
(gentle somber music)
- Hey. Hey, hey, hey,
hey, hey, hey, hey.
It's gonna be okay.
- That's all I had left of them.
They would still be here
if it wasn't for me.
They wanted me to be a normal
kid, but it's this curse.
- Hey, hey, hey,
hey, hey, hey, hey.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait. Listen.
Are you hungry?
I,
I stole this off of
a guard from earlier.
Come on.
(digital whirring)
(adventurous music)
(scary music)
(Olive gasps)
(indistinct radio chatter)
- How did they find us?
- They tracked me.
- What?
- Go.
- Run!
(tense music)
- [Laurie] Sammy, did
you actually think
we couldn't find you?
You're property of DI.
- Okay, take me.
(heavy swishing)
You okay?
- [Olive] Yeah.
- [Laurie] Get him.
(deep tense music)
- [Sammy] No matter what you do,
you won't be able
to control her.
- [Laurie] We'll see about that.
Olive. You wanna come out here?
(deep somber music)
It's okay, we're all
here to help you.
- Oh no, you're not.
I've seen what you've done
to all those innocent people.
You're monsters.
(Olive grunts)
(fire swooshes)
(Laurie's eyes buzz)
- [Laurie] Where are you?
You're gonna have to
try harder than that.
(deep tense music)
Let her go. (echoing)
Game on.
(tense suspenseful music)
(digital beeping)
- Hello, father.
- Hello, darling.
I was able to save
one part of her.
The part that'll never
forget who I was to her.
- All of this, for her?
It makes no difference.
The world's gonna
know what you've done.
Dominion Industries'll
be exposed to everyone.
- You think it's easy?
For over a decade, Dominion
Industries has run this planet.
It's not going anywhere.
Even after I die,
the entity moves on.
Now, did you come
down here to kill me?
Or are you going to continue
to talk all this nonsense?
Whoa!
(digital whirring)
(tense steady music)
- [Digital Female Voice]
Miss Harvey, live broadcast
will be ready in
five, four, three.
- I will correct the
mistakes made by my father.
And I promise to help those
suffering under the hands
of the gifted one.
(digital whirring and beeping)
(phone chirps)
Yes?
- [Man] It is complete.
- I'll be right there.
- All is complete, and
we are ready to go.
- Miss Harvey, your
father is ready.
- [Digital Male Voice]
Subjects one through four
have now reached the surface,
system security on lockdown.
- No, initiate the
infinity program.
- [Digital Male Voice]
Secondary confirmation.
- Commence infinity.
(machines whir)
(alarm blaring)
(objects banging)
(intense music)
(bold determined music)
You are the ultimate
apex predator.
Let's finish my father's work,
and put an end to all of them.
(bold determined music)
Commence project overload.
- Primary targets identified.
Siren, Leo, Trikalypse,
Lucas, and Lieutenant Jenkins.
Main objective, termination.
(dramatic music)
(intense digital music)
- Dominion Industries
was created to
protect the human race
and end all threats, to make
the world a better place
for our families
and our children.
All we want is for
peace on this planet.
(static buzzing)
So join us. Join the
war to end all deviants.
And prepare yourself.
The real war is about to begin.
(eerie buzzing)
(dramatic bang)
(deep pulsating music)